Documentation for component integration. (#77)
mautic/developer-documentation-new: docs/plugins/integrations/integrations.rst

******************************************

.. contents:: Table of Contents

The IntegrationsBundle is meant to be a drop in replacement for Mautic's PluginBundle's AbstractIntegration class. It provides cleaner interfaces for configuring, authenticating and syncing contacts/companies with third party integrations.

An example HelloWorld plugin is available https://github.com/mautic/plugin-helloworld.

---------

Using the Integration Framework
===============================

Registering the Integration for Authentication
_______________________________________________

If the integration requires authentication with the third party service

1. :ref:`Register the integration<Registering the Integration for Authentication>` as an integration that requires configuration options.
2. Create a custom Symfony form type for the required credentials and return it as part of the :ref:`config interface<ConfigFormAuthInterface>`.
3. Create a custom service that builds and configures the Guzzle client required to authenticate and communicate with the third party service. Use an [existing supported factory or create a new one](#authentication-providers).

> Registering the Integration for Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registering the Integration for configuration
```

_____________________________________________

If the integration has extra configuration settings for features unique to it

1. :ref:`Register the integration<Registering the Integration for Configuration>` as an integration that requires configuration options.
2. Create a custom Symfony form type for the features and return it as part of the :ref:`config form feature setting interface<ConfigFormFeatureSettingsInterface>`.

The sync engine
________________

If the integration syncs with Mautic's contacts and/or companies

1. Read about :doc:`the sync engine<sync>`.

Registering the Integration as a Builder
________________________________________

If the integration includes a builder integration (email or landing page)

1. :ref:`Register the integration<Registering the Integration as a Builder>` as an integration that provides a custom builder.

> 2. Configure what featured builders the integration supports (Mautic currently supports "email" and "page" builders).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Configure what featured builders the integration supports (Mautic currently supports 'Email' and 'Page' builders).
```

Basics
======

> Each integration provides its unique name as registered with Mautic, icon, and display name. When an integration is registered, the integration helper classes will manage the ``\Mautic\PluginBundle\Entity\Integration`` object through ``\Mautic\IntegrationsBundle\Integration\Interfaces\IntegrationInterface``. It handles decryption and encryption of the integration's API keys so the implementing code never has to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Integration provides its unique name as registered with Mautic, an icon, and a display name. When an Integration is registered, the Integration helper classes will manage the ``\Mautic\PluginBundle\Entity\Integration`` object through ``\Mautic\IntegrationsBundle\Integration\Interfaces\IntegrationInterface``. It handles decryption and encryption of the Integration's API keys so the implementing code never has to.
```

> Registering the Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registering the integration
```

___________________________

> All integrations whether it uses the config, auth or sync interfaces must have a class that registers itself with Mautic. The integration will be listed no the ``/s/plugins`` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Integrations whether using the config, auth or sync interfaces must have a class that registers itself with Mautic. The Integration will be listed on the ``/s/plugins`` page.
```
